Hi, my name is Brandon, and I have had
an experience with the Lord that he
keeps telling me I need to tell
people about. I've never really
talked in front of a camera before
like this, but he wanted me to
document it and tell everybody
what happened and what kind of
experience I had with him. This
experience lasted all night long, and
I'm just asking the Holy Spirit right
now to help me communicate
everything that I saw.
It's really important because
Jesus Christ is coming, and he told me
he's coming face to face.
This experience happened on July
6th,
2014, and I've held it all these
years. I wrote it down on paper and
released it to some people on Facebook
and to some church friends and family.
Some people received it and some
people didn't. I'm just a
deliverer of the message that he gave
me. I'm not here to argue about
theology
or
try to convince anybody of my
experience. I'm going to tell you
exactly what happened, exactly how it
happened, from the beginning to
the end.
I don't know if you're a mid-tribulation,
post-tribulation,
or pre-tribulation believer.
Like I said, I'm not here
to argue or try to get you to say
anything in the comments about
what I saw or what I experienced.
I'm just telling you what I saw and
we'll go from there.
It all started out while I was asleep;
I went to bed a normal night,
nothing different. I went to sleep
and in the middle of my sleep, all of
a sudden, I don't know if I was in
my body or out of my body. I don't
know how it happened; all I
know is all of a sudden I was standing
with Jesus, and he was on my right
hand the whole time in this experience.
He grabbed a hold of my hand and
I'll go from there. The first
scene, per se, of what I saw
was Jesus standing on my right
hand. He had a hold of my hand and we
were in a town. I don't know what town
we were in, but I know that there was a big
white building over to the
side. I was looking up
at this big white building and
at the sky, and the
sky was alive. It was like it was
moving; it was full
of lightning and very spooky
looking. I looked out over the
horizon and there was this
lady running towards me, and she started
screaming. They were all screaming
in terror; they were all freaking out.
It was incredible.
They were saying, "They're gone.
They're gone."I said, "Who's
gone?"I
told this lady,
"Who's gone?"and she said, "Did you
not see?"I said, "Did I not see
what, ma'am? What are you
talking about?"At this
time, she could see me. Now, not every
time
in
this experience were
people able to see me.
In this instance, she could
not see Jesus, but she could see me.
She said, "The aliens? The
aliens came and got the
Christians."I
said, "The
aliens?"She
said, "Yes, they all
disappeared. They went
up."At
that moment, she just ran off.
She was frantic, screaming in terror. She
ran as
fast as she could,
panicking. I looked out over the
horizon of the city. I was up on a
hill at this time and I could see
everything on fire. Everything was on
fire—the
cars, the houses, the
buildings. It was like
chaos beyond anything you could ever
comprehend was happening at this time.
You could smell the smoke.
People were looting; they were stealing
out of cars
and
buildings. They were
trashing the city
where I was. Jesus didn't
say anything. In fact, he never
spoke;
I could perceive his thoughts when he
was touching my hand. I knew what he was
thinking, but he never said anything out
of his mouth. He could understand what I
was thinking, but I never said anything
to
him.
I was just looking across the city,
thinking,
"Oh my gosh, what is going
on?"All
of a sudden, we translated. We
left that spot and went to
another spot. He grabbed my
hand—we
were still holding hands—but it was like
we just
disappeared and came to another
time. In this time frame,
I
was
looking over Europe. I knew I was
looking over Europe because I was
standing back, like I was watching a
movie. It was very strange. I
was looking out over Europe and
I saw this
man in Berlin. All the
world leaders were behind a table. It
was a round table in Berlin. It
looked like a big office.
It was a
brown table, and there
were
chairs all around it. All of these
world leaders were
behind this big table,
and this man—I didn't know who he
was at the time,
but
I'll tell you later—and all of the
people were asking him for help.
They were asking him for a solution to
all the rioting and the craziness
that was going on. He was
instructing them on what to do. He had
all the wisdom and was very
powerful in demeanor, the way he carried
himself. He was wearing a gray suit,
and he was a Middle Eastern
man. All of a sudden, that
scene was over, but the
Lord at that time spoke to me about a
scripture and showed me
how everyone would give over their
kingdoms to him within one hour.
As
I said, I'm not a Bible
scholar or a theology major;
I'm just a guy who loves Jesus
and seeks Him with all my
heart, and I had this experience with
Him.
The next scene I see is
this man
on TV—he's on
CNN, Fox, and
everywhere.
He is telling all the people
of the world what happened to the
people who disappeared,
explaining
that they were rebellious,
that
they were taken away out of
rebellion, and that they were being
punished. All these people were
punished—it
was the Christians, and they
were all being
taken out. Then he
explained
that he was the new leader of
the world. I looked out and
saw
how he was gradually taking power. I want to
tell
you
what I
felt;
this is very
important: everybody wakes up every
single day with a
peace
they don't realize they
have. They go to bed with it
and
wake up with it. Even the worst
sinner in the world has a form of
peace inside of them that they don't
even
realize. When the rapture
happens and we're taken
out, there is a void of peace like
I've never felt in all of my life;
it blankets the
earth. I used to think that the Holy
Spirit left with us because He dwells in
each Christian. He dwells in us, and
when we invite him into our heart,
I believe that he went with us when
the rapture happened. I
cannot
back that up biblically. I don't
know. All I know is that there is no
prayer covering, there is no sense of
peace, there is no joy. It is
absolute
chaos. And this
man has a sense that whenever everybody
looks at him, when everybody is
gazing upon
him, a false sense of peace is what I
want to say. He
brings a peace when he is on the TV. He
brings a sense of comfort that
everybody wants to follow him so quickly
because they are so scared and everybody
is
so tormented. They all turn
to him so quickly out of that peace that
he brings, but it is dirty.
I don't know how to describe
it. So he is on the TV, and he
is
telling everybody what happened to
the Christians. Then I see
people in
the
Iran and Iraq area over
there—Pakistan,
that area over there—they were
rejoicing. And they were all calling out
and saying the Mahdi has come. The
Mahdi
has come. And I don't know what
that means. I have studied it
now a little bit more. I
don't know what I'm allowed
to say about all this as
far as on YouTube and what will be
allowed. I don't want my video to get
flagged, but they were calling it the
Mahdi.
They were calling him the
And so everybody was calling
him the Mahdi. And so he
was himself
Middle Eastern. He was a Muslim. I
know this because he said he was and he
had a... Okay, I won't get
to that part yet. Okay, this is what
happens next. I see him come on TV,
and he is telling everybody to bring
their Bibles into the stadiums, into
these areas. He said, 'If you see a
Bible, it is mandated by law that
everybody brings these Bibles into these
areas.'And
so, it was like
courthouses,
places like that. They were
all like police stations, things like
that. He brings these Bibles in and they
start stacking them
up—big
shelves full. There were thousands,
millions of Bibles just everywhere. And
everybody just willfully
did it; they just brought
in the Bibles. And I remember seeing
them everywhere. There were stacks and
stacks of Bibles everywhere. And so they
would write down your name on a piece of
paper of who brought the Bible and what
it was or whatever. And he told
everybody, 'If you want to come and
check out the Bible and look at it, it
is okay.'We'll
let you. It was kind
of
a trick, though, because whenever
people came in and wrote on
the paper to check out their Bible that they brought in—if they wanted to look at
it
again—you
were
marked even more so. And so it was
like you
were
being watched. It was a surveillance
state. It was really weird. It
was
like a library, is
what I want to call it. Within a couple
of months, I would say I saw
a football field with piles of Bibles,
probably three or four stories
high. It was massive—just massive.
They were all being burned. All the
Bibles were burned by his order.
Like I said,
the gasoline was all over
them. They were thrown into the fire, and
it was incredible. Just
massive amounts of smoke and the Bibles
all burning.
Then I saw these flags
that he put on every single courthouse.
If you had a country flag, like the
United States of America or Europe,
those flags were taken down
and his flag was put up. It
was black,
green, and white, and it had these
gold swords that were all in the
center of
it—massive
swords, like a
saber, is what I want to call it. It
was
a massive sword in
the center of this thing, and each color
represented
a terrorist group, ISIS
and others. I'm not going to even
go there because I don't know
all their names, but
each was
a terrorist group,
and they're all being thanked for
bringing in his reign
because they supported this so much.
After that,
he puts his flag on the
buildings, and then this is
what happens next. I go with
Jesus to this other area. In this, I
see people on Fridays. Every Friday,
you're required to worship him. Every
Friday, they all had white outfits on.
Every person in the world was required
to wear a white outfit, and they had
white garments on their heads. The women
did. And men had white garments on their
heads. They had white robes on and
they were all in single file lines.
Every line was
perfect and they were all side by side.
You were required to get on
your knees and worship.
I saw these massive screens—huge screens
all on the side of the
buildings of these courthouses. On
Fridays, he would appear wherever you
were. If it was America or Europe or
whatever, you would go to this place of
worship on Fridays and look at
the screen. They would
worship him at those screens and it was
all over the place, but they were always
in white robes. They were always in
these
single lines and it was in
town square areas. What's
really interesting is that I
watch a lot of videos on YouTube of
people walking tours and stuff.
There's a place in Rome that I saw that
it happens at. There are places
in my town where I live now.
There's a place here and there's a place in
another town not too far from me
where
it's being required to worship.
Very interesting stuff. So Christians
left.
Then it goes off of him and I
see Christians that were left. Now,
this is the part that gets hard, and
there's probably a lot of
you that will disagree with this
or
get angry about it, but I have to
tell you what I saw. It is
what it is.
A lot of the grace message that was
preached, people lived a compromising
lifestyle.
They were living like the
world and they got left.
There were literally thousands
of Christians here that
thought they were born again, thought
that they were living right, and thought
that they did everything right, but they
didn't. They were living like the world
and had an appearance of godliness.
Their hearts were so far from the Lord,
but they thought they were with him.
They were the ones that even like
the Bible talks about: 'You prophesied in my
name, you cast out devils in
my name, you healed the sick in my name.
Depart from me; I never knew
you.'That's
what happened. There
were Christians
everywhere. There
were pastors that I saw
who
preached that
watered-down
grace message who were left here
in punishment because
they were preaching a lukewarm
gospel. They were left here, and
those people were as mad as could
be.
It was terrible. They
were after those preachers that preached
that way. They said, "You lied to
us. You didn't tell us the
truth."I
was standing with Jesus the whole time.
He said to me, "Look at this. Watch
this. Remember this."He didn't say
it, but I heard his thoughts. He said,
"Watch this. Look at
this."I
was gazing upon this area.
I knew after all this
happened I was back in time, back
before the Antichrist was taking over.
This is at the beginning,
right after the rapture happens.
The people are mad. They are very
angry that they're here. The
pastors and these leaders—I saw some of
them, and I'll never mention their names
because the Lord told me not to. I saw
people that were on TV
teaching the gospel on TBN and stuff
like that—those Christian channels that
were actually left. Some of them
were—like
two or three. I'm not ever going to
say who they were, but I'm going to tell
you that they were here. There were some
folks here, and they
were
very angry
and ready to kill
them.
It was awful. I
saw one angry
Christian
lady that I know very well.
I worked at a church for 13
years; I was a janitor there. She
was one of the members there at the
church where I was. I was looking up,
and she looked up at the heavens and
she flipped the Lord off. She gave the
Lord the middle finger and she said some expletives,
and
it was very
bad. I was watching them all just
turn on God. They were angry,
turning on people. There
were
groups of them that were building
colonies. They started saying, "We've got to
get prepared. It's fixing to get really
bad. We've got to get our stuff around.
We know what's happened. We know what's
coming."A
lot of them did. "We've got
to go to the mountains. We've got to go
to places of refuge. We've got to go now
because we're running out of time. This
is fixing to get bad really
fast."I
saw these people
try to have a camaraderie. There
were
families that were left. And this is
another thing:
everybody below the age of 15 was gone.
All the little children were gone. All
of the younger teenagers
and
pre-teens were gone. They all
got sucked up in the rapture. But
anybody that was age of accountability and
older was left if you didn't know Jesus
Christ and have a relationship with him.
I watched these younger people
go with their
families. During the
tribulation, I saw
children
being born. This part is
really hard.
I watched how
the Christians all got together.
They all go to
these mountain
areas and dig massive holes in the side of
the mountains. They
were
trying to keep warm because
you couldn't stay in your
house. You couldn't go into
town and buy groceries because the
mark of the beast is coming. I'm
going
to tell you about it; I saw how
it happens, how the mark of the
beast changes you, and how they put it
in your forehead.
I'll get to that—I don't want
to skip around too much
or
make this too long
as
I respect people's time.
The Christians try to move
at night. I was staying with
Jesus, and he took me to
a
field. All I knew
was it was
dark outside, and the
Christians were moving from place to
place at night because they couldn't move
during
the day without being spotted. They
were
trying to get to places of
safety.
The farmers
had guns like.22s and
rifles, so there were still
firearms
and
ways of protection for farmers, but
I didn't see many other people with guns.
The Christians didn't have guns. I
don't know
why—nothing
was really said about that—but I know
the farmers did. I remember
seeing one place where these
Christians were trying to go through
a
pasture, and dogs
barking alerted the
farmer inside the house. He flipped
the light on, and he had a.22 in his
hand. I know it was a.22. He fired
it and called the authorities to
tell them
people were moving at night. He didn't
know if they were Christians,
but I knew they were.
Then I saw men in black
armored
Hummer trucks
with
blue,
infrared-looking
lights inside
the back.
They were all black with
blacked-out
windows. As
they drove,
the
Christians tried to put cement
blocks in the road to slow
them down so they would have enough time
to run away as fast as they could. They would try to throw things in the road to slow their approach, and they were running as
fast as they could to try to get away.
These men
had black face masks on, like
COVID masks,
and
black
hoods, and they would jump out. They
had black outfits on with these vests
and
would jump out of these
black cars with these guns. But
this is what's weird: I've never seen
one of these before. I've tried to
find them online and I can't;
I've never seen this before. It was
a pulse. They took these black guns and
pointed them and
shot, but it wasn't a
bullet. It was electric,
like an electromagnetic pulse,
and it just stuns you, but it didn't
have any stun to it like the
cords that come out like they have now.
It was some kind of
wave of energy that came
out of these things and knocked you
senseless for a couple of seconds. They
didn't have to reload it; they just
pointed it, and
the people running fell out on the ground.
They would pass out right there, and by
the time
they would get up, it was too
late; they were held captive.
These men would give them an
ultimatum. I saw a
woman and she had these two young
children—a
boy and a girl
born during the Tribulation. They
were probably three or four
years old, maybe more. They were
talking, so they
were young,
maybe five.
They said, 'We're going to give the
children the chip
first, and if you don't deny your Jesus,
we're going to cut your kids'heads off.
We're going to cut their heads
off.'Or
you
could take the chip. They gave
them an ultimatum. The dad said,
'No, we're not taking the mark. We will
die.'The
dad said, 'We're most
certainly
not taking the mark.'The mother
said, 'No, you can't cut my babies'heads
off!'because
the man had this huge
sickle, a huge sword, in his hand. He was getting ready—he had
the baby's head like this—and
he was getting ready
to just go and slice
that kid's head off right there. There
was no mercy. There was no conscience
about it. It was just the way it was.
And the dad cried out and said, "No, you
must not take the mark."And when he
said that, they cut his
head off right there. And I'm talking it
fell and rolled at my feet, and I could
smell his blood. That's how
awful it was. Jesus stood there with me
the whole time, and he never made a
comment about it. He just told me to
look. And so I looked and I watched
the woman, and she said, "I'll take the
mark. I'll take it. I'll take the
chip. Don't take
their heads."And this is what is so
incredible; it's absolutely amazing
about this part. They take this chip, and
instantaneously those children were
crying because they just saw their dad
die right in front of them. And the mom
is crying and she's bawling her eyes out
because she saw her husband die right in
front of her. And the moment she takes
the chip, the baby, the two children, and
her
instantaneously lose
emotion. They don't
have any emotion on their face.
They totally lose the crying. It's
like they went like a zombie right there
in front of me. Their minds and
everything had a peace again. It's like
the chip sent a peace to their brain
somehow. I don't know how; all I
know is the chip did something to them
and it made them calm. It put off
some kind of endorphin in them, and they
just went cold in their face, like
they're not there. It's like, "Hello,
you're not there,"and they were not
crying about him anymore. It's
like they didn't
care. And so I saw that, and then I
saw a man trying to commit suicide, and
he already had the mark. He had the chip
in his hand, and he was standing on a
major bridge, and all of a sudden the
chip sent a signal to his brain and
calmed him down and he did not kill
himself. I don't understand why; I don't
understand how. All I know is that chip
produced some kind of signal, some
kind of endorphin somehow, and calmed his
mind down, and
instantaneously he became calm and he
did not jump off that bridge. It
knew; I don't know how it knew that you
were fixing to do something like that.
Then I would see people mowing their
grass and I would walk by them, but they
couldn't see me. I would walk by
them and they were mowing, but they were
not there. It's like you could go,
"Hello,"but
you were just in
another world, way out there,
like a zombie. It was weird.
They were just mowing their grass
like robots, but the chip would
bring something to their
biological
brain. I don't get it.
Another thing I thought was
interesting is that I
watched them. Jesus took me to a place
in a town, and there were these
barricades all over, massive
gray barricades, huge.
There were men with armed guards
and guns all around.
You would have to go
through these barricades to get into
these towns; you had to have your
chip in your hand. If you
didn't have the chip, you couldn't
get in, and they would
offer you the chip or you would die.
They would kill you right
there—no
questions. If you didn't take
it, they'd cut your head off.
There was a
woman—I
remember her face. She was a white
woman with brown hair, and she was
standing in line.
A lot of people, though not
everyone,
had a bruise on their
head; it was a burn sore. The body
had a reaction to the chip and it caused
sores on people's heads. It was like
burn sores, and there were burn sores on
their hands—not everyone, though.
She was trying to mimic it with
makeup, trying to put makeup on her
hand to make it look like she had a burn
sore.
She was standing in line, and
when she got up to go in through the
gate, they saw that she was trying to
fake it. People were so desperate
for food and for whatever resources they
could get into the towns
that
they were willing to do
whatever it took. She was a Christian,
basically. I guess I don't know who
she really was;
the moment they saw
her faking it, they cut her head off
right there. There was no time for even
repentance. They just
took a sickle-sword
and
cut her head off like it was
nothing. Her head rolled out,
and people in line who were
watching acted like it was nothing. There
was no emotion. I'm telling you,
there was no emotion to these people;
they were gone. It was weird.
I'm just telling you what I saw and I'm
trying to figure it out myself. I'm still
trying
to figure out the nanotechnology. And the only thing
that I think is really close to this nanotechnology
is what
a very
rich man here in America is working
on—I
don't want to say his name. If you go
and look at it, he's working on
chips right now on pigs. That's all I
can say. And it's very similar. But
this chip goes—it's very small,
like
a
very small square.
I don't know how it gets power, if it
gets it from your body's energy. I don't
know, because it didn't have a battery.
There's no way a battery could be that
small.
Like I said, these men carried around
these guns that were like waves of
energy and they knocked you down. It's
like super sci-fi, but it's not.
It's legit what I saw.
Then I
saw
the Christians again, and this
is part of it.
I'm praying I'm not skipping around too
much, because I'm
telling you how I remember it.
They were digging these
foxholes. And the winters were terrible.
The further north they went in the
mountains, the colder the temperatures
were. I don't know what kind of
catastrophic events of nature happened
there,
because I didn't see that. All I know
is that the winters were awful, and
people died from starvation and the
cold quickly. It was bad.
Here comes another part:
I look up in the
sky because I hear these noises,
and there are thousands of drones.
Thousands. No joke. Thousands. They
are all in sequence with each other,
flying across the sky,
scanning the horizon and scanning
everybody. The chip in
your hand or your forehead would report
back to these
drones that you had it. These
drones would fly throughout the
woods, throughout all areas, the
oceans, everywhere. They were flying
throughout all of America,
all over the place. You
could
literally
hear them coming, and they could sense
your body heat,
your motion, and everything. So, you
couldn't hide from them. The only way I
saw that the Christians could hide from
them was digging into the side of the
hills. The drones were looking for
smoke or gunshots. So the Christians
couldn't shoot for
food—rabbits
or deer or
anything that made noise—because the
drones in the sky could hear
the noises. They were alerted
and
would swarm to
that area and see who did it. If you
had the chip, it would report back and
they would
just go on
about their business. But if you didn't
have the chip, they would call for the
authorities, who would come and
stay there until they
arrived.
You would run, but
you couldn't get away. You couldn't get
away from them because they were up like
a helicopter. They were flying over, and
once they found you, you were done.
They would come and either
you took the chip or you took the
mark, or they cut your head off.
These
Christians were all on the side of
mountains—people
that were still
fighting to live and survive, who
were
not living for Jesus
when they were on the
earth, but they knew the truth. They
knew.
The children were the hardest part
for me, those born during the
Tribulation. I know there's a Bible
verse that says, 'Woe to those that give
suck in those days.'I believe that
verse is talking about the
Tribulation, but
all I know is that the kids were
taking it really hard.
They were going inside, and the
smoke was coming out of these
caves. They were trying to keep the
fires
really low so that the drones
couldn't see it. The drones
would fly throughout the earth, and they
sounded like swarms of bees beyond
anything. It was
incredibly
loud. Swarms of bees were
everywhere, and you knew when they were
coming because you could hear them from a
distance. Everybody would scramble,
trying to get into their safe zone as
fast as they could to try to hide
themselves.
They
were made to worship on Fridays. I
told you about
the people
and
the mark of the beast; they had the Abomination
of Desolation
chip in their hands.
Now I want to tell you about the
Abomination of Desolation.
I was all of a sudden translated to
Israel, and
I see this great big temple. It's on
a
hill, elevated,
with
these massive stone columns all
inside of it and
a
roof. There is
a place
where
people can come at the base of
this temple.
I'm standing
at the base of
the temple with Jesus,
looking up.
The
temple
is
elevated,
and the Antichrist has a
podium. He's standing in between
those big columns with a man on either
side of him.
I don't know who
this man is right here on his other
hand. I believe he's another form of a
religion. I'm not familiar with a lot of
other leaders and other religious
beliefs.
I'll say that he had olive skin, lightning
bolts,
and darker hair also. But that's
all I'm going to say about that.
So, I'm looking up and there
are
lightning bolts shooting all over the
sky. I'm talking—it's like
total chaos, lightning—but none of
it's touching the ground. It's just
going all over the sky.
And the Lord won't let me see his eyes
from here, around all this.
But I see the Antichrist again,
and he's standing there proclaiming that
he is God on the Temple Mount. And he
has at this time—not every time
that I see him, like when
he was
at the beginning
when
he first appears in Berlin—he didn't
have a beard. I didn't see his eyes
there, but I saw that he had
olive
skin and he was clean-cut
and clean-shaven
at this time. I don't
know why. But at this time, he has a
beard and it's salt and
pepper—like
black and
white—a
beard, and the sides of his
hair were black and white. They were not
strictly white or strictly black. He had
spots of gray coming through his
hair similar to mine. But he had
hair; he wasn't bald. He had a
white turban hat on, like a
rag-type
garment on his head.
I could see that—like I
said, I couldn't see his eyes—but he had
some kind of glasses on.
He was about
5'11"to
6 feet tall from what
I could see while looking up
like this because it's in
person now. He was probably
around 195 to 215
pounds
in weight. I'll describe
him like this: he carries himself like a
James Bond. It may sound dumb, but
I'm just going to say it like this. He
carries himself very
confidently,
very poised in the way he
talked, similar to the way Barack Obama
used to whenever he delivered his
speeches to the State of the
Union. The way he carried
himself, he spoke very
intelligently;
he
was very
poised
and
very precise. He had a way
to draw you in; he made you like him. It
was so peaceful, and the way he
communicated to you
just brought peace. It
was really weird, very strange because
everybody was just fixated on his
face.
He brought the
peace they used to feel, the peace I told
you about at the beginning that you
didn't feel anymore. He brought that
peace you didn't feel. He brought
that sense of comfort that I said
every person wakes up with every single
day and goes to bed with as a
sinner; they don't even realize it. And
that's peace. It's like a prayer
covering that the body of Christ brings
into this world, and we
probably
don't even realize that
we bring it. The church doesn't even
realize the power they have,
the atmosphere we create
with our prayers, the atmosphere we
create
every day. And then when we're gone,
it's hell on earth. It's awful. And for
the first time, why he is so attractive
is when he speaks, nobody else feels
that anymore. But he has a falseness, a
false peace that everybody pursues and
wants. Again, they're starving for it;
they don't have it, and so they're
looking for it. And he has a dirtiness;
it's a dirty
falseness
that they're all wanting,
they're all looking for again. And so he
sucks you
in.
At this
time,
during
this part of the visitation,
I'm taken out of the earth.
I'm sucked up out of the earth and
I go to the edge of heaven and earth,
and I'm standing there. I can turn
around and I can look and I see the
gates of heaven. I see the holy city is
beautiful all behind me, and Jesus is
standing right here this time on my
left.
And he speaks to me this time and he
says, 'Look at the earth; I want to show
you something that's about to take
place.'And
I said,
'You know, I'm just excited.'I look
over and I look at the earth and
it's spinning; I can see it
moving. And he said, 'Do you
see each one of those lights down
there?'And
I said, 'Yeah.'He goes, 'Those
represent
souls.'And
he said there is going to
be a major revival about to happen
throughout the
earth—a
final push, a final harvest, a
China
major harvest. It's
like—and
I don't want to add any
words that he didn't say, but that's
what he showed me. And
then he started—I look over at
him, I'm looking over, and I look at his
eyes and they're welled up with
tears. He said, 'Do you see
China?'And
I said, 'Yeah.'He said,
'They, a lot of them, died for my
gospel.'"The
gospel cost them something,
Brandon."He
looked at him and was so
filled with joy at the sacrifice
they gave for the gospel.
What I saw
when I was looking over were these gold
streams. They were like gold
streets, but they weren't, because I knew
each one of those lights represented a
soul. I said, "Lord, what is
that?"He
said, "That's the underground
churches in
China."He
said, "Each one of those
represents
a
soul."It's
just amazing
because I'm looking at the
Asian
souls that get saved and
they spread all throughout Asia. You can
see these gold veins that go up
through North Korea, South
Korea, and Japan.
Then I
looked
over at the
Philippines and there were lights in the
Philippines. Then I looked at Australia
and there were lights in Australia, and there
were
these circles, like crop
circles,
all over
Europe, including France and Germany. Each country
had a circle, and some circles were
bigger than others. Inside each
of
those circles were lights.
They
represented
hotspots for
revival, major places where people went
for revival.
The Lord never said what they represent while I
was standing there;
he just told me to look at the souls.
But
they were all round circles.
Then I looked over to the Middle East,
and there weren't as many
there
as there were in Africa,
Europe,
America, Canada, Mexico, and
South America. In Pakistan, Afghanistan,
Iraq, and Iran,
there was
revival.
People were getting
saved and led to the Lord
there; there was revival there. I'm not
saying there wasn't; there
still was, but it didn't
seem as significant as
some of the other places I saw,
though
it was amazing all over the
place. America, from coast to
coast, was lights
everywhere—literally
hundreds of
thousands, if not millions, of lights
everywhere. They went all up and
down the I-35 corridor from Texas to
Oklahoma. There were major places of
revival there. Then I saw
major revival on the West Coast
and the East Coast. I mean, it was
everywhere. The revival was everywhere.
But I know that...
let me see this. Then,
what else did I see? I went up
and I looked behind me,
and there was a wave coming out of
heaven on the edge of heaven.
There was like a wall, and on this wall,
this massive golden brick wall around
heaven—a
massive, thick wall.
And there was a wave.
This wave was huge, like a tsunami
wave—the
biggest wave you can
comprehend. It was massive, like a
50-foot
huge, thick wall
of
water, and the Lord told
me, 'This is the last
outpouring.'There
is an outpouring about to...
this massive wave is coming upon the
earth, and behind the wave were these
angels, and they were all like
soldiers on these chariots of fire.
There were these chariots, and
they
were golden looking fire. It was
the glory all over these chariots, and
there were angels, and they all looked
similar. They had armor on, and
they all
looked
very
similar to each other, and they had these
gifts. They were boxes, and they were
wrapped perfectly with bows on
them,
like
presents, and each chariot had a box on
there. And I asked the Lord, 'What are
those boxes? What are those
presents?'And
he said, 'Those are
end-time
giftings, end-time
mantles
that have
never been on the earth before, never
have been seen by anybody on the earth.
Creative miracles, things that you have
never experienced on the
earth.'Like
whenever he said, 'And greater works
will you do.'These are
the greater works, greater works than
even Jesus did. Things that
the people, whenever Jesus was
walking the earth, did not see.
I can't comprehend in the natural what
that could be. But I'm just saying these
were massive
outpourings of something like
that are fixing to
happen—boxes,
giftings. Then I looked over to
the angels
to my left again. I
saw
these
angels, but these angels were different.
They had longer hair and they were
massive. They were strong-looking, but
they had these big baskets
of golden stuff, like gold or
money. It looked like
something, but they were taking them out
of the silos from behind them, these
massive barn-looking silos. And they had
money and they were taking this
stuff—which
I don't know if it was
money or not, I believe it
was—and
they were pouring it out on the earth.
They were pouring this out on the earth,
and then there were people
in
these silos, and there
were
bicycles and things like that that
people in foreign countries needed. Now,
how that comes from heaven like that to
the earth, I don't know. I don't know if
it was a type and shadow or a
representation of what
people are believing for, asking the
Lord for in their prayers, or what.
I wish I would have asked
more questions. I was too in awe of
him, of being in front of the
King of Kings and the Lord of Lords. I
was too in awe of it to even think.
In that moment, you think
you
could have asked a billion
things,
but
now that it's over, you
wonder
why you didn't. It was too holy; I
can't tell you.
But I see all this going on
in heaven, and Jesus looked at me and he
said, "You need to tell my people I'm
coming. Tell my people I'm
coming."I
looked at him like, "Wow. Well, we
know."But
he was urgent in his eyes:
"No, you don't know. Tell my people I'm
coming."And
folks, this was in
2014. Now we're in
2021.
I saw things when I
was on the earth—some things
that he told me I couldn't talk about,
that
I really would love to share, but
I'm in obedience to him. I can't share
timeframes or
things like
that. All I can tell you
now is that we really are there. We
really are.
I hope I'm coming across
strong about this because Jesus is
coming and it's serious now, even more
so than what you can
comprehend.
If you only really
knew. That's all I can say. If you have
loved ones that don't know Jesus Christ
and you're scared to tell them
about him, you're about to miss your
opportunity and they could spend the
rest of their lives in
hell. You're running out of
time. I'm just going to be really real
with you; it's coming to a time now that
it's over. And what I want to tell you
now is right before I came back into
my body, Jesus looked at me and he said,
"But
before I come
back to get you, they're going to talk
about aliens a lot. It's one of the signs."This
was
in 2014.
He said, "They're going to talk about
aliens a lot, like it's going to become
a big
deal."And
he told me, "You'll know and
be watching for the great deception
that's about to take
place."There's
going to be something take place. There
is an event. You'll see. There's a great
deception. It's all set up. When
the
lady at the beginning—the
one
I told you was frantic
and
screaming, 'the aliens are
coming'—it's
going to be talked about in
the media all the time. It's going
to start to become
the
norm. And it almost is; isn't it
interesting where we are from 2014 to
2021? The government is talking about it.
It's almost becoming taboo, right?
I mean,
hello. I tried to tell people about
this in 2014, and most people thought,
'Oh, yeah, right.
Aliens.'I
said, 'Yeah, for real. That's
going to be the big deal. Watch.
Jesus said this.'And now, I don't know
if they
remember, but we're just at the
beginning. There
are
going to be major events coming
in the next months
that
are
going to shake America
beyond anything you can
comprehend. The revival comes out of a
great
shaking.
Jesus said to me in my prayer time,
'Brandon, what happens when you
try to wake your children up and they
don't wake up after you yell and
tell them to wake up?
The next phase is to shake
them.'He
said, 'You have to shake them to get
them
awake.
They're still
asleep.'And
so, a lot of the body of
Christ may think they're awake, but the
Lord said, 'You're still
asleep.'And
there's going to be some
things that shake
you. There's going to be a great
revival to a remnant of people that are
going to become radical for Jesus.
I saw St.
Louis—and
I don't know why I see
certain cities—but there was a man in a
wheelchair. These people weren't
preachers. They were just average Joes
and they walked up to this guy in this
wheelchair and they prayed for him and
the Lord healed him right there.
It was
just an on-the-street miracle like Jesus
did. And so that's the kind of stuff you
need to be
expecting—things
that are
going to rock the world.
He's going to do something huge in you.
It doesn't have to be your pastor. It
doesn't have to
be a counselor, your youth pastor,
a prophet, or somebody you see
on TV—a T.D. Jakes or
whatever—it's
going to be you. Jesus is going to
use you if you let him. He'll have
you touch your neighbor, the person at
Walmart or Target or the gas
station or
the
health food store. You
just have to be yielded to him. You just
have to want it. You have to wake up
every day with an
expectation: "God, use me for your
end-time
message. Use me,
Jesus."He
wants to use you, and if you allow
him to, he'll change your life forever.
He's not
afraid,
and
you don't need to be afraid. Don't be
intimidated by the world because we're
about to get out of here. Now, some
folks may say, "I don't believe that. I
believe that you're going to go through
the tribulation."And if that's the way
you believe, that's okay. You can stay
here; that's fine. But I'm going to go
in the first round. I'm going with Jesus
in the rapture. I'm going to believe
that. And if we're wrong in this
scripture and something happens and
we're here, you'd better seek me out to
tell you what to do next because I'm
telling you what's coming, and you're in
trouble if you're still here. There is
some bad stuff fixing to happen to the
folks that get left. I have seen it. And you
may say, "Well, I think you're
crazy."Well,
that's okay. I pray for you,
and Jesus loves you, and Jesus cares
for you, and he has a plan for your life.
I'm here to tell you that
Jesus loves
you and he has a
plan for you, and it's not bad; it's to
do good for you. He wants all your loved
ones saved. He wants everybody to not
miss the rapture. He wants everybody to
have eternal life. John
3:16, for God so loved the world that he
gave his one and only begotten
Son. Just remember that. So I pray for
you, and that's what I have today. The
Lord has
told me several times to
put this out there and to tell people
that he's coming. And I've
been hesitant,
probably because of persecution,
because of what I'm talking about. But
I'm over that. I know the
time is
coming. When they started talking about
aliens, just like what he told me when I
was standing at the gates of heaven with
him, I told my
kids, "You'd better understand
Jesus is coming, folks;
you need to
know."One
other thing that was really neat:
there's a
Starbucks coming into our town
where I'm
at.
For a long time, whenever I saw it
during the tribulation, the
Starbucks—and
at the time in 2014,
it was a barbecue house where they made
barbecue—and
I never really said
it to anybody, but I always said to my
kids, "There'll be a Starbucks there
during the tribulation right before
Jesus comes back."Starbucks is a
coffee place; everybody
probably knows
that. If you're in another part of
the world watching
this, you may not, but it's a
coffee shop. I told
everybody when Jesus comes back, there's
going to be a Starbucks there on the
corner.
It was a barbecue house, then it
became a Taco
Bueno, and then they closed down during
the COVID virus
thing.
A
couple of weeks ago, about a month or
two ago, they bulldozed the building
down. I said, 'Wow.'I must
have missed that; I
saw a Starbucks there. All of a
sudden, they started building a new
building there these last couple of
weeks, and there's another store next to
it. I went through the drive-thru
and asked, 'Hey, what
are they building right
there?'The
guy said, 'Oh, they're
going to build a brand new Starbucks
right
there.'The
buildings that I saw in
the
Tribulation that didn't exist when
I was
living in
2014 are being built right now in
2021. What I'm trying to tell you is
it was a really cool 'awe'moment for
me. I just want to tell you
Jesus loves you and you need to get
right. If you're living in a
compromising lifestyle and
a sinful state, and you know Jesus
but you've fallen away, today's your day
to come back to Him. I want to pray
for you. Father, I thank You right
now for whoever is watching on this side
of the camera. I lift them up
before You and thank You that they
become
on-fire,
born-again Christians who are
radically saved and have
an
urgency regarding the time we're living
in. Father, I thank You that You
stir in their spirits right now and that
they find You in a new way—a new flame,
a new fire inside of them—and they
shake off all the old and all the
compromise they've been living in.
Maybe there's somebody on
the
other side of that camera right now
who
may not know Jesus Christ as
your Lord and personal Savior. I'm
praying
for you. Say this prayer after
me: 'Lord Jesus, come into my heart.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life. Forgive me of my sins. Cleanse me
from all
unrighteousness. I turn away from the
devil and all his evil works. I come
to You, Jesus, as a vessel
that is broken and needs
You. Fill me with Your Holy Spirit.
Cleanse me from all this
sin. Thank You, Lord. I make You my Lord
and Savior.'Make Him your Lord and
Savior.
I believe today, if you believe that in
your heart and you confess Jesus as your
Lord and Savior, you're going to be
saved. If you just said that prayer and
you believe it in your heart, find a
church to go to. Find a place to go to
and get in the word. Get your Bible. Download
the
Bible app
on your phone. If you have an
iPhone or an Android phone, download the
Bible on your phone and read it every
day. Let that word become real to you.
Get it inside of you, and Jesus will
change you from the top of your head to
the soles of your
feet. I just want to tell you again:
Jesus loves you and Jesus cares. Find
a good Bible-based church;
if you have to, find one online
that will teach you the word of God
and
help you in your Christian walk. There
are
a lot of good churches out
there; find them. If you're not in that
area, watch them online. Build your
faith up and it'll change
you. All right, thank you for watching,
and hopefully this meant something to
you. If you don't agree
with any of it, put it in the trash.
If it blessed you, share it with
somebody. Thank you and God bless you
all. Bye-bye.